
Claudia coder normal mode
Currently we have a very promising and impressive platform that we need to start showing off to the world as a proof of concept and prior art because of the pace of AI these days we need to shoot first and ask questions later.  By that I mean we need to release a beta even if it doesn't work perfectly or even all the way just to show we came up with the and have it on Github documented. Business, research, patents, Getia, N8N should all be in a menu on the NAV bar called Upcoming Features.  We will make the installer a lot lighter by not bundling Open Web UI Gitea and N8N. The installer will focus on solely getting Claudia Coder and Claudia Coder Easy Mode Set Up quickly without the burden of the other dependencies.  I'm hoping if we focus on nailing Claudia Coder Easy mode and get that just right, deprioritizing the other features for now we can then pivot and focus attention on one feature at a time now that we have the foundational platform and powerful tools built. I do want to keep the claude code integration because that is extremely useful when you can select a project and work on it with Claude code with the kickoff script that was generated from you ranting into a microphone for five minutes.
On the interview section on a new project if you fill the text input for the project details or do voice transcription on the next page with the full interview chat the first question and the second question seem hard coded. For instance the first chat message says "I see you are trying to build" And then reads out loud everything they typed Rather than a summary. And then the next question always seems to be who will be the primary audience for this even though a lot of the time in the first question I would say something like it's a baseball card a for baseball fans and then it would still ask who would this be for on the next question. When I went to transcribe a brain dump, The first method failed so it started using whisper in the browser which played it out loud in its entirety and then done and allowed me to create a packet, but the packet was never added.  I'm not sure we have fixed the issue with existing packets being included as inspiration for the build plan. There's one project called Hyperhealth which has 81 packets but the build plan never reflects anything in them and pretty much ignores them. We're still getting an error when we try to open a file in the file browser. The development dropdown menu on the Project section which includes repositories browse files work packets and Claude code and AI Models should have its own bar In place of the change status bar at the top. Changing status will be done by clicking on the status next to the project title and the star and will be a simple dropdown but should be seldom used because Claudia Coter will automatically set the status.  We still have a Project called AI fish tank monitor and agent Which got detected as a game and has a game vision and story interface on the project page. When I click export all on a project it does download a zip file with a couple of Json and a folder which all looks like Minimal Claudia coder project info metadata but not anything like the build plan kickoff script packets user data that was collected Or any files that were generated which are supposed to be in get repository file structure with a commit and strong readme. So I think in this new light form factor we can squeeze everything into one docker image and make everything a lot less confusing for first time users as well as us while in development.  Please commit To a new branch called beta release and push to the repo often.  



Claudia Coder Easy Mode
This flow will take only the essential parts of Claudia Coder That take a project from inception To fully working code that can be downloaded and run or previewed at the end. O it will start out with the new project flow but without the rest of the Claudia Coder interface. Then it will use the existing flow to generate the build plan and packets For approval. At this point they should have an option to download their work so far which would the build plan which is actually a PRD Production requirements document and all of the packets as markdown plus whatever interview and user input and user file uploads and brain dumps were acquired. They will hit the approved build plan button and then the next screen will the Work packet section from the projects section but without the rest of the UI and will actually start building the project After a project folder is created for it To work with. All of code and a report of what was built And how to run it and what to do next Should be visible on the next page With the file browser section from the projects page below the report. The file should be kept in a Github type repository so when they download it they can upload it right to GitHub.
Let's build out this simple flow as a beta that I can let a limited number of people try Well we work on some of the features that are still broken or missing since I want to release this weekend or even tonight. If there is some way to emulate iOS and Android devices to test apps or at least some type of way to run what was created in the browser or display websites that were created at the end it would make a big difference But definitely allow downloading all assets that were generated all interview data including brain dums and voice files and transcriptions and chats and packets and build plans and kickoffs And todos and there should be a commit to the repo and hey read me about the project. If we could allow publishing to Github at that point that would be a MVP for a beta release. Currently the business dev research patents Gitea And N8N are a bit of a tall order and aren't quite working right yet.  



Beta testers
after we make this deployable with no more than one or two simple commands or an installer to run, I think we will need to make two different versions one that we will host and schedule time for testers to try since it will have limited inference available with the local servers, and another that could be downloaded and allow users to select and connect their providers would the local or cloud mode setup procedure.
